What is Emmet?
A) Emmet used for the completing the abbrevations and short expressions to complete the code.

What is an react element?
A) React element is an object, {}

Difference between a Library and Framework?
A)A library can be reusable but not a Framework. Library is basically a class definitions to reuse the code, there is no need to start from the scracth.
 framework is like a blueprint. libraries are like complete module.

What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A) Content delivery network in simple way we can say it as, it is used for the specified reason or region.
 CDN can reduce the page loading issues of time. CDN consist of two types of Contentdeliveries, 
 STATIC: Static content is like does not change the website, like image, logos, content. It remains a static content to user to user.
 DYNAMIC: Dynamic content is changable like for example social media, chat messages, news feed. This data vary to user to user for every interaction.

Why is React known as React?
A) React is a javascript library, It is developed by the facebook. React is choosen by developers to build user interfaces,
  that are very fastly responsive or 'reactive'. The idea behind react is to build reusable components for front-end, rather than writing the 
  new code everytime. React is made easy for the developers and it is popular among developers of its performance and flexibility.

What is crossorigin in script tag?
A) CORS is used to manage crossorigin requests. A crossorigin request is a request for a resource from another domain.


What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
A) React is javascript library we use it for the development of user interfaces. ReactDOM is like the browser support
  for the React. when we use the classes, components etc i.e. react and when we use the render() and findDOMNode() is ReactDOM.
  ReactDOM binds the web browser with react, intially react has nothing to do with browser. There also the other diff, tools which are detailed from the react
  but they wont rely on the ReactDOM. 

What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
A) The development code is nae says that from the developing side. The production is for the client side build.


What is async and defer?
A) async and defer are boolean attributes which are used along with script tags to load the external scripts.
  Async: async process in 